rename "robustness" to "verifiability" (#725)
ietf-wg-ppm/draft-ietf-ppm-dap: draft-ietf-ppm-dap.md

   Note on rejection agreement: rejecting at this point would result in a batch
   mismatch if the Helper had already committed to its output share. This is

>    impossible due to the verifiability of the VDAF: if the underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   impossible due to the verifiability property of the VDAF: if the underlying
```

     Note on rejection agreement: rejecting at this point would result in a
     batch mismatch if the Helper had already committed to its output share.

>      This is impossible due to the verifiability of the VDAF: if the underlying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     This is impossible due to the verifiability property of the VDAF: if the underlying
```

against and which are considered outside of its threat model. These and others
are enumerated below, along with potential mitigations.

Attacks on verifiability:

> 1. Aggregators can defeat verifiability by emitting incorrect aggregate shares,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Aggregators can change the result by any arbitrary amount by emitting incorrect aggregate shares,
```

   by omitting reports from the aggregation process, or by manipulating the VDAF
   preparation process for a single report. DAP follows VDAF in providing

>    verifiability only if both Aggregators honestly follow the protocol.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording: "Like the underlying VDAF, DAP only ensures correct computation of the aggregate result if both Aggregators correctly execute the protocol."

## Sybil Attacks {#sybil}

> Several attacks on privacy or verifiability involve malicious Clients uploading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several attacks on the security of the VDAF ({{Section 9 of !VDAF}}) involve malicious Clients uploading
```

Such enumeration attacks can be mitigated by incorporating unpredictable values
into the task ID derivation. They do not, however, affect the protocol goals of

> privacy or verifiability.

Reviewer: "They do not, however, affect the core security goals of VDAFs ({{Section 9 of !VDAF}})."
